As a result, not only the fate of the Great Tohoku was destroyed, but also the whole world was destroyed.
Therefore, in order to achieve this great mission, we must win this great war.
Moreover, the battle is in the future.
The future of the war is the time of our people's
training and the time of our people's unity.
Since the war, there have been many wars.
However, the war has been stopped.
Today, the war has been stopped.
Finally, there is a great battle.
The enemy who was cornered by the Kaku-no-Gotoki situation,
for the sake of the defense of the country and the peace and prosperity of the country,
the recent example shows that they do not choose the dead end.
At this time, what we should keep in mind is that we are now in the middle of a great war.
In other words, we, the people of Japan, always have a serious and sincere mind to avoid the war.
We must prepare for the various challenges that the enemy has faced in our country.
We must become one with the front line soldiers and prepare for this activity.
Therefore, we must firmly believe in the determination of the two sides.
In order to simply defend the security forces that attic out of Japan
and toезare the war against the U.S.
We must fight against the US with steadfast reacia,
According to the topic previously addressed,
E lu rights andfilled obligations are of significant relevance.